How come?
Why is my chest so uncomfortable?
Is this jade pendant for me?
Why is it only half a piece?
Or what story was told?
He didn't write anything in his diary.
Ali, um, what about the jade pendant I gave you?
Follow Me
But you put me
Xuemei is an idiot
Brother Mo, I'm afraid I'll lose the jade pendant.
I've been collecting it at home
I really want to see that jade pendant
Why don't I accompany you home to pick it up?
Aren't we going to try on the wedding dress tomorrow?
What about tomorrow?
I'll bring it and show you in a wedding dress when the time comes.
Brother Mo, I'm a little tired
I want to go back first
Then I'll send it to you.
You don't need to be busy with yours, I'll reply by myself.
OK.
Wait a minute and do it again